Have you finished?
Has she called?
Have we met before?
Had he seen the movie?
Had it been fixed?
Why had you not told me about the problem?
Has he had enough sleep?
Has it had the desired effect?
Have you had the strength to keep going?
Will he have completed the task by Friday?
Will we have the results by the end of
the day?
Will it have been fixed by then?
I have done it right.
It has started.
María has finished reading her favorite book.
It had been fixed.
You had told me about the problem.
You have had time to finish the task.
He has had enough sleep.
It has had the desired effect.
I will have time tomorrow.
We will have the results by the end of
the day.
It will have been fixed by then.
It hasn't started.
It hadn't been fixed.
You hadn't told me about the problem.
He hasn't had enough sleep.
It hasn't had the desired effect.
I won't have time tomorrow.
We won't have the meeting next month.
It hasn't started.
Hadn't she called you?
Hadn't we met before?
Hadn't it been fixed?
Haven't you had time to finish the task?
Hasn't she had her coffee this morning?
Hasn't it had the desired effect?
Won't she have made a decision by next week?